_pages/openings.md, before:

---
title: "Allan Lab - Vacancies"
layout: textlay
excerpt: "Openings"
sitemap: false
permalink: /vacancies
---

# Open positions

We are always looking for new group members with passion, talent, and grit!

You will have the chance to work on the grand challenges of condensed matter physics, often at the interface of instrumental design and new physics. You will be involved in determining the important and interesting questions, creating and improving instrumental setups, performing measurements, and making discoveries.

### Current open positions

You find the current job openings here:
[Opening 1]({{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/GeneralPostdoc_2019_v01.pdf),
[Opening 2]({{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/PPMS_PhD_2019_v01.pdf).

It might be interesting to look at some past job advertisements. While the projects keep changing, the themes are still roughly the same. You can download them [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/PD.pdf), [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/PHD1.pdf), or [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/PHD2.pdf).

### Applications for PhD and Postdoc positions
If you are interested in working with us as a PhD student or postdoc, please send me an [email](mailto:milan.allan@gmail.com). State briefly why you are interested and attach a CV, including information about the grades you had as an undergraduate. No need for a separate cover letter or certificates. **Important**: please insert _"Application PhD"_ or _"Application Postdoc"_ in the subject line. If you are applying to a specific advertisement, note this in your email.

There are  postdoc scholarship available.  I'd be happy to support you after you apply to our group. Take a look at the [veni fellowship](http://www.nwo.nl/en/funding/our-funding-instruments/nwo/innovational-research-incentives-scheme/veni/index.html) or the [Marie Curie fellowship](http://ec.europa.eu/research/mariecurieactions/about-msca/actions/if/index_en.htm).

### Master projects for Leiden University students
If you are a Master student at Leiden University looking for a Master project, contact me (or any group member) per email or stop by my office.

### Bsc / Master students from elsewhere
If you are interested in pursuing a Master degree at Leiden University, see [mastersinleiden.nl](http://www.mastersinleiden.nl/programmes/physics/en/introduction). Sometimes, we take master students or summer interns if we get exceptional applicants (this usually means very good grades and a personal recommendation).


<figure>
<img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/picpic/Gallery/DSC_0696.jpg" width="95%">
</figure>

Commit message:

upload original local build
local build original unfinished commit

_pages/openings.md, after:

---
title: "PhilLab - Join us!"
layout: textlay
excerpt: "Join us!"
sitemap: false
permalink: /openings
---

# Open positions

We are always looking for folks who join us in interdisciplinary cognitive science research!

You will have the chance to work on the grand challenges of condensed matter physics, often at the interface of instrumental design and new physics. You will be involved in determining the important and interesting questions, creating and improving instrumental setups, performing measurements, and making discoveries.

### Current open positions

You find the current job openings here:

[Lab Manager]({{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/LabManager_2019.pdf)

### Applications for PhD and Postdoc positions
If you are interested in working with us as a PhD student or postdoc, please send me an [email](mailto:jonathan.s.phillips@dartmouth.edu). State briefly why you are interested and attach a CV, including information about the grades you had as an undergraduate. No need for a separate cover letter or certificates. **Important**: please insert _"PhD Application"_ or _"Postdoc Application"_ in the subject line. If you are applying to a specific advertisement, note this in your email.

### Collaboration with Psychological and Brain Sciences graduate students
If you are a graduate student in PBS and would be interested in pursuing work collaboratively with our lab, email me (or any group member) or just stop by my office.

### Undergraduate Research Opportunities
If you are interested in pursuing a research in cognitive science at Dartmouth, this is the lab for you! Undergraduates typically commit to working roughly 10 hrs/week, and we have a strong preference for students to plan to work in the lab for more than one semester, which will allow you to contribute substantively.


<!--figure>
<img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/picpic/Gallery/DSC_0696.jpg" width="95%">
</figure-->
