_pages/research.md, before:

---
title: "Allan Lab - Research"
layout: textlay
excerpt: "Allan Lab -- Research"
sitemap: false
permalink: /research/
---

# Research

Our overarching goal is to explore and understand new quantum states of electronic matter on the atomic scale. To do so, we use and develop novel spectroscopic-imaging scanning tunneling microscopy (SI-STM) tools to visualize the relevant quantum mechanical degrees of freedom.

Questions of interest include: (i), How does the Mott state collapse upon doping and how is this related to the complex phase diagram of high-temperature superconductors? (ii), What is the strange metal phase seen in correlated electron systems? Is this an exotic long-range entangled state? What is the mechanism of dissipation in that state? (iii), Why is the transition temperature in high-temperature superconductors so high? 
 
![]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/respic/layers_real.jpg){: style="width: 300px; float: right; border: 10px"}

Currently, our instrument of choice  is SI-STM.  State-of-the-art SI-STM measures an array of tunneling spectra on a given sample, registered to the atomic sites with picometer precision. Each is proportional to the local density of states at a given location. Ideally, the recorded spectra are so tightly packed that the measurement yields a three-dimensional mapping of the local density of states as a function of locations and energy. This is shown on the image on the right-hand side (10x10 nm2), and its Fourier transform, below.

The quantum materials which we will investigate encapsulate some of the great unsolved mysteries of physics. They include high-temperature superconductors, quantum-critical compounds, graphene, and topological electronic matter that can be used for error-resistant quantum computing.

![]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/respic/layers_fft.jpg){: style="width: 300px; float: left; border: 10px"}

A main goal is to use modern technology to build the new instrumentation needed to understand these quantum materials. I learned my trade in [Seamus Davis’ SI-STM lab](http://davisgroup.lassp.cornell.edu/) and with [Felix Baumberger](http://dpmc.unige.ch/gr_baumberger/index.html), and later moved as an [ETH fellow](http://www.ethfellows.ethz.ch/) to [Andreas Wallraff’s qudev lab](http://www.qudev.ethz.ch/) where we investigated coupled cavity arrays in circuit QED. This allowed me to learn new techniques such as high frequency measurements, low temperature noise-free amplification, and quantum-limited measurements. The goal is to combine these with SI-STM.

This will enable the instrumental capabilities to visualize the different quantum mechanical degrees of freedom needed to understand next-generation quantum materials. STM will be the main method, but we use different spectroscopic-imaging techniques to visualize not only the topography, but also the density of states, spins, and other degrees of freedom hidden below the surface.

Commit message:

upload original local build
local build original unfinished commit

_pages/research.md, after:

---
title: "PhilLab - Research"
layout: textlay
excerpt: "PhilLab -- Research"
sitemap: false
permalink: /research/
---

# Research

Our lab draws on the methods used across a number of disciplines (psychology, philosophy, linguistics, neuroscience, computer science) to answer central questions about how the human mind works. A primary topic we focus on is how humans represent and reason about non-actual *possibilities*&mdash;the vast infinity of things that didn't (or have not yet) happened. Our understanding of what is possible is central to many of our most impressive, and uniquely human capacities: causal reasoning, theory of mind, planning, linguistic communication, moral judgment, and so on. Our work focuss on these aspects of high-level cognition, both separately, and jointly by developing an understanding of the way that they all draw on a common underlying capacity to think about what is merely possible.



## Major Topics


### Possibilities

![]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/respic/howWeKnow.png){: style="width: 450px; float: right; border: 10px"}

A main line of research has been to demonstrate the role that *value* plays in constraining which possibilities humans default to considering. WWe've

### Causation

A paradigm example of high-level cognition that depends on representations of non-actual possibilities are judgments about *what caused what*. For example, to figure out whether or not some event, *e*, was the cause of some particular outcome, *o*, we often consider a counterfactual possibility and ask whether *o* would still have happened, even if *e* hadn't occurred. Our work on causation has focused on the way that our ideas about what is normal influence shape our causal judgments. 

### Freedom and Responsibility

### Theory of mind

![]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/respic/factiveToM.png){: style="width: 450px; float: left; border: 10px"}

Research on theory of mind has primarily focused on demonstrating and understanding the ability to represent others’ non-factive mental states, e.g., others’ beliefs in the false belief task. This requirement confuses the ability to represent a particular kind of non-factive content (e.g., a false belief) with the more general capacity to represent others’ understanding of the world even when it differs from one’s own. We provide a way of correcting this. We first offer a simple and theoretically motivated account on which tracking another agent’s understanding of the world and keeping that representation separate from one’s own are the essential features of a capacity for theory of mind. This account provides a straightforward way of understanding when factive representations, e.g., representations of what others see, hear, or know, provide evidence for a genuine theory of mind. We then show how these criteria can be operationalized in a new experimental paradigm: the ‘diverse-knowledge task’.

### Linguistic communication

In work on language, our lab primarily focuses on developing formal semantic theories of modal terms&mdash;words like 'might' or 'could'. Specifically, we've tried to provide an account of the meaning of these terms that integrates our emerging understanding of how people represent non-actual possibilities at a psychological level. In pursuing this work, we have often tested the unique predictions of these formal models in experimental studies that form part of the growing tradition of work on experimental semantics.
